hello everyone so I am heading back to
Cambridge for my third year the Sun is
so bright
okay um that's right you're looking at a
third year student I'm just scared of
how fast it's all gone
I'm ready the car is like rammed as
usual as you know my parents dropped me
off in Cambridge with all my stuff I was
just saying I feel like pop back here
they're saying in the front all happy
I have literally gone so many bags
around my feet I've got stuff on my lap
you just can't see beyond that it's kind
of ridiculous until I need this much
stuff I just I do feel like I'll use it
all today is yeah moving day exciting I
have got a little while before left just
kick off and everything and it's another
week until all the freshers arrive and
stuff but yeah I'm just gonna having a
great time in Cambridge and enjoying it
while I don't have any work I don't get
that that often and Cambridge is
actually such a nice City
how much fun to go
12 miles 12 miles to go everyone
Countdown's off she's home it's gonna
have a whole new set of flashes here
yeah
check for quartz now engine names
another generation in chapel core yeah
so I am back in the roost my parents are
very happy that it's open that I think
they enjoy coming to the roost more than
they enjoy visiting major in term time
they are the big fans of this place look
at their greens yeah to be honest like
it's a good coffee shop prices are good
for students as well so we're gonna
enjoy it's not allowed in my room until
midday as usual oh it's more spacious
than I expected this is my new room guys
check it out
oh I've got my fire pit I like a
fireplace I really do I like it I don't
have an ensuite so I just have this the
bathroom it's on this floor though so
should be fine
hello everyone so we've made progress
stuff is out we actually had to take the
clothes out the case cuz the case was
too heavy to be carried all the way up
the stairs by itself so we had to bury
the clothes up separately I have regrets
I chose a room upstairs why didn't I
just choose a ground-floor room what's
wrong with me am i okay because I'm
exhausted and this isn't even half of it
I'm gonna tie my hair up cuz I'm that
hot but you know we are a team I've got
to keep the team motivated
can I have my parents suddenly stopping
for too long gotta keep going
woohoo we can do this we can unpack all
my stuff yeah new year in other news I'm
really pleased with my room I think I
made a good choice of room I like it
it's light I was worried it's gonna be
dark but it is light
I've got fireplace again it's nice it's
just oh I feel like once you get to
third year the novelty of unpacking
everything for uni wears off just a
little bit I used to be so excited for
all this now I'm just like
after one pack everything again really I
just want to get it all done today I
don't want to leave stuff unpacked and
have to be thinking about it in future
days just let's get it done okay I can
hear another delivery coming I think I
might be forced to go down and collect
more stuff and they're gonna see me
taking it easy and stopping hey well
done parents we recount the mother
number of stairs and how many times have
done them I bets is burning calories
that's the upside my mum needs to lose
half a pound I think for her slimming
world thing this year lucky hello let's
go get more stuff I guess
speak to you guys later
[Music]
hello blog so it's looking a lot better
we have a slight issue that I have a lot
of clothes and we got this massive stack
of jumpers which just don't fit into any
cupboards or drawers and some up here as
well whoops so you might go to Argos to
get some sort of storage thing for it
maybe there's not any secret storage in
this room as far as I know like last
year I had a lot of secret storage if
there is secret storage here it's very
well hidden and it very much has stayed
a secret I'm finally catching my breath
again because taking those stairs a few
times was quite exhausting I think we're
gonna head downstairs and check out the
kitchen
choose the cupboard pack everything in
I'm the first one here as you might tell
no one else is here yeah other people
are gonna trickle in throughout the week
so it should be really nice when there's
all of us in the house together we
really homely there's the annual bike
service get out a dustpan brush it over
there you have it perfect looking good
as new isn't it Nancy
okay so my room is pretty much sorted
I've moved all my stuff in the kitchen
as well so now we're heading to the
shops where Hague to Wilco
what we gain from Wilco oh I need new
doorstop because my current doorstop is
ineffective the door is too high for the
doorstop to work so a new one picture
was why is the picture basically my
pictures don't fit on the wall hook so I
need to sort that out you jump oh yeah
and we need sorry to put more jumpers in
anyway we'll see I think we might have a
solution to my over packing of clothes
plates rail yeah hello everyone so on
another coffee break cuz
parents need fuel in with deep so we're
in cafe Nero this time only because the
rooster ran out of food which obviously
be back at the roost but the roosters
nearing closing time
I've now got closed rail as you saw me
buying so my excess clothes situation is
sold my god a few more hooks to go over
my door it was quite a successful
shopping trip I've got a doorstop that
actually works now and then after this
we are gonna head to same experience to
do my favorite shop and then my parents
will probably be heading look at this
contraption isn't this amazing
all these jumpers hung up now so much
better so her parents have left me and
no one else is around this evening and
all by myself it's a hot time I've just
put something for dinner in the oven
like pre-made easy meal from Sainsbury's
and I was very excited cuz I was like
wow I get to use an oven I've never had
an oven in my accommodation before and
this year I have an oven but then I
realize it takes 30 minutes to do in the
oven so I'm really hungry I've gotta
wait another 15 minutes for my dinner
it's gonna be a sad lonely meal I can't
wait till tomorrow when people arrive I
want to do something now one of chat
with people have conversation you know
no offense guys but I'm stuck talking to
a camera a camera I'm gonna go wait on
my dinner stare at the oven what am I
supposed to do and I just realized after
putting my dinner in the oven I don't
have an oven glove I've never needed an
oven glove before because I haven't had
an oven before but now I have an oven I
need an oven glove to get the stuff out
the oven I don't have one so I'm just
gonna have to use like multiple tea
towels or something I don't even know
morning everyone so I am just having
some breakfast
what sneeze I'm in the kitchen have I
shown you the kitchen properly yet I'll
pan round it's quite big that's my flag
up there I wonder how long we're gonna
be off before someone's like oh we're
not having that flag up because we all
had our flags last year as you saw in
the vlogs but we don't have like a
stairwell to hang flags up this year so
I just you know put mine over the
kitchen and I hope everyone's okay with
that
also I'm excited cuz the loads of people
are arriving today and they're gonna be
reunited with my friends I've got a few
chores to do which I might do this
morning because I don't know how many
people will arrive this morning
considering they all have to drive from
various places in the country it does
feel good to be back in Cambridge though
I do love Cambridge hello everyone so
it's been a few days since I last spoke
to you I'm sorry for the lack of updates
but I haven't been doing much that's
interesting Tom doesn't really kick off
until Saturday at least that's when
freshers week starts for now we're all
just sick
not doing much but today it's more
exciting hence why I'm going I am going
over to the Institute of astronomy I've
chosen to study astrophysics this year
so I'm completely specializing just in
astrophysics that means I'm faced at the
Institute of astronomy every single day
and the Institute of astronomy isn't
that close to Jesus College which is a
bit of a shame I'm used to only having a
10-minute walk to lectures and now it
would be 3040 minutes
I have got quite into cycling around
Cambridge and don't get me wrong I do
enjoy cycling but I've decided to get
the bus today
it's really cold outside and today very
kindly stagecoach have offered to
sponsor this video as well so I have
their new student bus pass with me it's
loaded onto my student smart card so
I've got the bus pass for the
Cambridgeshire and Bedfordshire Zone
which means I have unlimited travel
within the zone any time including
weekends and holidays which is perfect I
feel so relieved I've got this bus pass
because I was really worried about
cycling in the grade at the cold in
winter cuz just cycling in the winter
weather isn't that nice I basically gave
up cycling in second year and cycled
once a week maybe and walked the whole
time but now I can't walk anymore this
year because it's too far to walk and
there's literally a bus stop right
outside of college so it just makes
sense anyway I'm at the bus stop
and I've got 12 minutes until the bus
arrives
so I'm update yeah but I'm excited to be
going to the Institute of astronomy
today as well and have it look around so
should be good
cool thank you
[Music]
ayyyy success that's the bus going off
behind me we have made it that was
actually very easy I literally had to
scale my bus pass shame a student ID and
that was it I'm really pleased I tried
out that mode of travel because I think
I'm going to be doing that and not this
firm
so yeah I'll leave a link below to the
student bus passes you can buy from
stagecoach they're all bought online and
you can buy them for lots of different
travel zones in the contrary I've got
the Cambridgeshire embed sure one
because obviously I'm in Cambridge but
yeah thank you very much to stagecoach
for very kindly sponsoring this video I
am off to the Institute of astronomy
okay so I've just left sorry I don't
film when I was inside but it was really
awkward
obviously I've only just joined the
department and yeah but I'm gonna be
around that all year so you would
definitely get to see some of the inside
in later vlogs so stay tuned for that
now I'm just feeling really excited
about studying astrophysics this year
it's always kind of been my favorite
part of physics it's what I kind of had
my mind drifting towards back when I was
in sixth form but I wasn't sure whether
I was good enough of physics but I've
come to the realization that if I enjoy
it I should just go for it I genuinely
think this is going to be the most
interesting year of my course yet so I'm
very
Saito's I'm back at the astronomy
Institute next week because we've got
all our introductory talks then okay I'm
gonna head back to college now cuz it's
really cold
which is good okay so I am back in my
room I've actually really settled into
my room now thank you very much for
watching this video please give it a
like if you enjoyed it subscribe to see
more videos from me follow me over on my
Instagram and I will see you soon with
another video guys
[Music]